CreateItem will only retry for auto-extracted partition key in-case of container re-creation (#1070)
Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3: changelog.md

- [#1036](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/1036) Fixed query responses to return null Content if it is a failure
- [#1045](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/1045) Added stack trace and innner exception to CosmosException
- [#1050](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/1050) Add mocking constructors to TransactionalBatchOperationResult

> - [#1070](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/1070) Fixed bug where wrong partition key value might cause two requests

Reviewer: Rephrase with more correlatable context.

CreateItem will only retry for auto-extracted partition key in-case of collection re-creation?

> - [#1070](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/1070) Fixed bug where wrong partition key value might cause two requests

Author: ```suggestion
- [#1070](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/1070) CreateItem will only retry for auto-extracted partition key in-case of collection re-creation
```
